Bug 1810743 - Expose detect-only setting in AC (#559)
mozilla-mobile/firefox-android: docs/changelog.md

* [Gecko](https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/firefox-android/blob/main/android-components/plugins/dependencies/src/main/java/Gecko.kt)
* [Configuration](https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/firefox-android/blob/main/android-components/.config.yml)

* **concept-engine**

>   * 🆕 Added `Settings.cookieBannerHandlingDetectOnlyMode` helps to dected cookie banner events without handle the banners + indicating the mode of the events, see [bug #1810743](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1810743)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * 🆕 Added `Settings.cookieBannerHandlingDetectOnlyMode` which helps to detect cookie banner events without handle the banners + indicating the mode of the events, see [bug 1810743](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1810743)
```
